we have that then tables pretty bad a
lot of basic stuff trying to hit you you
know trying to get you with the Crouch
fear 3 getting the ultra but has no
other setups aside from that has no no
pressure which is what kind of Abel's
all about but I was so so sloppy with my
play that I gave them all the
opportunities to end it tough he's
fitting chun chun matches like i said
before or horrible you just got a
fireball it's kind of out zone see how
sloppy as with his song shoes and you
know focus them well then that's a big
fucking waiting game please just gonna
slop that up all night isn't it one
thing you can do a bit of the chungs
don't know the dash ultra so you didn't
spring that upon them and also found
also like do a crotch roundhouse which
means if you block your path roundhouse
you paint on them super them so here
pretty far behind so we're going to
build up super here
that was bad so I just kind of slop in
the Hasan shoe which I should take note
of start focusing ham alright got the
super sleep if I can wait for am Raja
roundhouse run inside and lock lock it
I'm super on bit so we did that was a
job
misty is a jumping jumping attack then
went straight for low so I miss that
block and like thinking I was going to
block it big I don't know we the same
shitty that was my national trouble but
it's kind of sloppy on my timing just
tell me matches are so bad and I'm not
too great Adam
the want another match
oh pretty drowsy so I know how much
longer this is gonna oh okay so we got a
seth seth has the lowest vitality lowest
done which she said know how I basically
handle this match is all turtle and try
to match sonic booms with them and then
as soon as he jumped off the wall which
all sets do to try to like surprise you
jump up there bro or you can jump up
your Spears and do the you don't need a
whole lot wrong set against them make
sure you don't need a fulcrum
see just too much life always go for 2
x's if you have them just because I he's
gonna eat a lot of damage there so it's
better just uh different image in while
you can cuz good sets are hard to get it
again ok so yeah this is your typical
set match so just match up with them the
sonic booms build up your old job just
do a dash whole show is a glorious were
really bad at sonic translation there's
one else or miss sure don't give me
another opportunity see if you get there
yes
even now watch out for his ultra Annie
also super so yeah that's how you deal
with the online scrubby sets